{And so for the first type, what
we're doing.
Is.
Imagine you're describing the
scene to somebody who cannot see
the picture. Describe what is
happening and what you see as
thoroughly as possible. And
please take between three and
five minutes. I will keep track
of the time.}
{OK, Are you ready? Yeah. OK.
There's a square here in front
of the screen though, the zoom.}
{So I think that's asking you if
it's OK to record. So OK. So it
says guarded early meetings. So
I just hit, got it, yes, got it.
OK.}
{OK, all right. All right. So
here's the first complex scene,
and you can start talking about
it when you're ready. Ohh wow.}
#START_unfriendly_giants It's a
scene with.
Wizards and Waldo that looks
like almost giants.
And.
Umm.
There's one hiding behind a
tree. Several.
Being like attacking a castle at
the top. There's one near a
windmill. There's several
windmills up in the top right.
Umm.
I'm not sure what that is, some
kind of oil rig down below and
then there's one on the middle
right
I guess or giants or Wizards
giving somebody a flowers, but
it looks like it's a.
cardboard
And then, going over towards the
middle, there's one giant
kneeling down and tipping his
hat to the little people below.
And then there's it right in the
middle. There's some little
people in the house standing
around a house and somewhere on
the roof.
And there's another giant with a
rope, and he's gonna try to.
Looks like he's trying to
capture them or something. And
then there's another guy that
has some people in his belt.
And then in the middle and the
far left.
There's another giant with
another woman standing standing.
On the very bottom on the left,
there's another house with some
little people.
And then?
Going towards the middle bottom,
there's 123456 giants playing.
Chess with the little people and
using them as the chess pieces.
Then there is going towards the
right on the bottom another
little people house with some
catapults.
And then on the far bottom
right, there's.
Four more giants with straws.
Oh, they're sipping the water
out of the puddles or the lake
and spitting the water out of
the little people.
From.
At the top left.
There is a Waldo and wizard
White Beard came to the land of
unfriendly giants where many
waters have been before. Waldo
saw that the Giants were
horribly harassing the little
people, and when he found the
10th school, it was time to
continue with his journey.
So yes, there's it's all giants
and little people.
Umm.
Let's see what else is there.
Oh, I don't know if those.
Or oil rigs or some kind of
catapults, I guess there's some
kind of catapults wooden
With wooden logs on top of them.
#END_unfriendly_giants And on
both the top right and the top
left there's windmills. There's
two windmills on each side.
{OK, you're good on time, OK?
And sometimes you see those
descriptions. You can read them
to yourself, kind of get an idea
what the pictures is about, but
you don't have to read them out
loud. OK, good. OK, moving on.
This next one is a different
type of pictures. And they're
they're instead of one page,
they're multiple pages, so they
usually tell a story. Imagine
you're telling the story to
someone who cannot see the
pictures.}
{Again, describe what you see
and what is happening as you go
through the story.}
{OK, so this one in particular
has around 5 pages.}
{Ohh.
OK. Should I start? Yeah.}
#START_arrival-1 In the top
left, there's a photo in a frame
of it looks like a family, a
mother, father and a little girl
daughter.
In the second photo somebody is
is picking up.
The pitcher.
In the third photo, they're
wrapping the picture kind of
wrap, wrapping paper or wrapping
cloth, and then they're tying a
string around the package and
tying a bow in it.
In the middle one.
It's hard to tell what he's
doing. I guess he's taking the
package somewhere.
And it looks like, ohh, it's a
suitcase, it looks, it puts it
in it looks like he put it
inside the suitcase. I see there
was it's a suitcase with looks
like a newspaper inside of it.
And he puts it inside the
suitcase and then he puts some
kind of buckle around the
suitcase and puts his hand on
top of it and then.
There's and he puts both of his
hands on top of it.
Oh, OK.
Hmm. There's a large picture on
the right. It's.
A man and a woman.
Then they look sad and there's
they have cups of tea and there
they have their hands on top of
the suitcase.
That he put the photo in, that
he put the picture in.
To the left there's small
pictures. It looks like a
origami bird, a clock.
Some hooks on the wall with a
hat and some kind of.
Clothing or kerchief or scarf.
And then there's a photo of.
A pot with a lid and a spoon. It
looks like a wooden spoon. And
there is a photo, a drawing that
looks like a child drew it like
a man, woman and A and a child.
And a man's has a bird on his
arm and a sun and clouds and
they all look happy.
The teapot looks like it's hot
steams coming out of it and it's
there's crap in it.
The next picture is a cup, and
the cup also has a crack on a
saucer. And then there's some
photos or maybe postcards. One
of them has a ship on it, this
top one, and can't really tell
what the other ones are. The
next one is the suitcase opened
with some clothes in it. And
then the last picture is the
man, woman and little girl
again.
Oh, and everything is on is on
the top, is on the big picture
also.
OK.
OK, now the big picture again is
the man woman in little girl
with the suitcase and they're
walking down the street. Looks
like an Old Street and almost
looks like a dragon shadow going
across the wall, a dragon tail.
The middle photos is a girl
laying with her head down on,
laying with her head down and
with covers, blankets over her
and her face is hidden. Then
she's looks like she's waking up
and kind of peeking over the
blanket and she looks like she
sits up and she's yawning, wakes
up and then she's sitting at a
table.
And eating something out of a
bowl with a spoon. And then she
looks.
To her left while she's eating
and then there's a photo of the
suitcase.
The next one is the photo of the
man and he's putting the hat on,
and then a photo of the woman
and she's putting the scarf on
her head.
In in the photo of the little
girl and she's putting a hat on
like a winter hat and somebody's
helping her with her buttoning
her coat up front. Then she puts
on some boots, galoshes type
boots, rain boots and she's
giving up trying to pick up the
suitcase or holding the suitcase
and she has all the the winter
coat and hat on and then the man
is.
It looks like he's reaching for
her or reaching for the
suitcase. Maybe take the
suitcase off of her.
OK.
The big photo has a train in it
and there's a lot of people with
luggage.
Waiting. It looks like waiting
for the train.
And then there's smaller
pictures around it. The picture
of the little girl, she's
somebody's holding her hand and
she has the winter hat on and
she is looking up and she looks
sad and she looks down and she
looks sad. All the she looks
sad. And she was looking kind of
straight ahead and somebody
still holding her hand. And then
somebody puts her his their hand
looks like the man's hand on her
shoulder.
And he lifts his hat up ohh he
lifts his hat up in the origami
bird is inside, was on his head
inside the hat and he hands it
to the little girl and the next
photo she's looking at it and he
has his arm around her. And then
he hugs her and she's holding
the origami bird and she looks
up and the what the woman is.
Crying and.
Wiping her eyes with a
handkerchief and then the woman
in the man or hugging, and he
seems to be whispering something
to her and the woman looks very
upset. And then the man with the
suitcase gets looks like he's
getting on the train, step
stepping up on the train. And
then there's three hands and it
looks like the man, woman and
the child and they're all
holding hands together.
Then.
It looks like the man's hand is
leaving and the woman and
child's hand or they're pulling
apart.
And then there was a photo of
the train.
With the smoke leaving and then
it looks like it's going farther
away and then it's disappearing
off into the distance.
OK, so then they show the photo
of the man, woman and child
again, and then they have the
photo and.
Somebody in the next picture,
you could tell it's the man
eating something out of a bowl
with a spoon and he's sitting
there.
With the bowl and spoon and
looking like at the photo of the
three people in the photo, and
then it starts getting farther
away. Oh, it's a it's a porthole
from a ship. And then it gets
even smaller, like he's getting
farther away. And then there's
three little small portholes,
like it's going even farther
away. And then there's like the
nails on the ship, like, it's
really.
#END_arrival-1 Phone four way
and then there's a there's a
side of the ship and you can see
the three smokestacks, and then
there's a full photo of the
ship. {OK, so that was this part
of the story.}
{So the next story has around 20
pages.
Wow.
Sounds like a mission.
OK.}
#START_journey The photo of it
looks like a some type of city
block with some children playing
on.
Bicycles and skateboards.
There's a mailbox and there's
some street lights and a
stoplight, red light and a fire
hydrant. And then it kind of
shows like underneath the street
and there's some pipes, storage,
storage or water pipes.
And then the next picture is a
little girl sitting on the steps
with a scooter. You can still
see the water pipes under the or
under the street and
Inside the house, there's a man
sitting on the computer with
books on shelves. The next room
there is, it looks like a little
girl or a girl woman girl and
she's looking at something. Or
she's sitting on a sofa.
The next picture on the 1st
floor looks like a hallway with
stairs going up and there's a
lamp.
In a vase and photos on the
walls and the mirror and the
folks with coats and hats on it,
and then the other room on the
1st floor, there's a woman.
Cooking something on the stove
in a in a pan and she's
stirring, stirring something on
the stove.
OK.
The next photo there's a woman.
The woman is on the telephone
and she's still cooking
something on the stove and
stirring, and the little girl
has her red scooter and she is.
Looking at something in the
kitchen.
On the kitchen counter or sink.
Then the little girl has a red
kite and she's looking at the
man on the computer standing
behind him, behind him on the
chair. Then she is looking, I
guess the older, she's looking
at the older girl that's on the
couch.
Looks like she has a camera. She
has also had something red in
her hand. Red.
Circle or a ball. And then she
goes and she's into a room, a
bedroom with a bed. She sitting
on the bed.
And she looks sad or lonely. The
door is open and there's a cat
sitting on the floor, sleeping.
The next one the cat leaves goes
out the door and there's
something red on the floor.
There's a bunch of pieces of
paper and there's something red
on the floor and the girl gets
sits up off on the bed and is
looking at the papers and
whatever that is that's red, she
picks it up.
Ohh some kind of pen or crayon.
She picks it up and starts
drawing it looks like on the
wall from the floor baseboard
all the way up on top of the
wall and she draws a red door
and she goes through the door.
OK.
Ohh my. She goes through the
door and she's in.
some kind of forest or woods and
green forest, and there's a.
A stream going through, and
there's lights and lanterns and
strings of lights and lanterns
strung between the trees.
Um, she goes.
onto dock to the stream and she
looks down and she's still
holding the red marker or
crayon, whatever it is, and she
sees her reflection in the
string.
And she leans down over the dock
and she starts drawing with the
red crayon in the stream and she
draws a boat, red boat, and she
gets into the boat, into the
stream.
Ohh my she this is pretty she
she takes the red boat down and
it looks like almost a castle
type city. Fortress Type city.
To a moat type.
Area with gold in the castle has
flags and gold drums on the top,
and there's more boats.
And people in boats.
Um, she's still her boat and
there's several men in yellow
greenish uniforms. They look
like either military or
security, and they're all waving
at her as she's floating down
this.
Stream, it looks like water
going all through the city in
different levels and then
there's other people in boats
like.
Gondola type boats. There's a
waterfall going through. Yeah.
Oh, OK and then she.
Still on the boat and she's.
At the edge of the top of the
waterfall, about to fall off and
the guards are look like they're
yelling or warning her and
waving. And then there's
different levels with other
people on the gondolas. So she
gets her crayon apparently. Oh,
she starts to fall. I guess
falls off the waterfall and
she's drawing something while
she's falling. It looks like
some type of circle have about
2/3 of a circle.
It's.
She.
Apparently has drawn a hot air
balloon and she gets inside the
hot air balloon basket.
And it's, which is red also,
because you do it in red and
she's waving.
To the guards and floating up in
the air.
The next picture is a photo of
clouds in a blimp type.
Vehicle in some other kind of
vehicle, oh there's 2 blimp type
vehicles and another vehicle
with steam coming out of it and
it looks like they're up in the
clouds. There's some kind of
purple bird, looks like a bird.
So the little girls in the hot
air balloon basket it with her
red crayon or marker and she's
looking down at the clouds.
And the next picture is one of
the blimp, your blimp type of
things, and the other one is the
machine with the like steam
coming out of it, the blimp
machine, there's like 3-4 men in
it and there's an empty bird
cage in the purple bird is
flying away and one of them,
they're holding one of the men
out off of the the.
Blimp and he's trying to catch
the bird with a net.
OK.
Uh, so the girl still in the red
hot air balloon and there's two
blimps in the picture, ones on
the above the machine with the
steam coming out of it and one's
to the right of it, and now it
looks like there is a.
Bird cage in the.
Purple Bird is inside of it.
Hmm. And there's some men
standing to the left of the bird
cage. It's he's holding
something. It's hard to tell
what he's holding.
OK, so the little girl
apparently lands her balloon  on
this steam your machine and
she's gets out and she's walking
along a ramp holding the red
crayon.
up above is several people with
the purple standing around the
purple bird in the cage and then
at the very top. Oh, she climbs
up a ladder and there's.
Sort of um.
That's not really a stage and
not sure what you would call
that. And above that is a statue
of a dragon. And there's the
there's a purple, the purple
bird in the cage, and there's
two people that look like
there's their guards, one on
each side of the page.
So the little girl grabs the
bird cage with the purple bird
in it, and the guards are
shocked. They're holding Spears
and it looks like they're trying
to tell her stop her starting to
chase her.
And she runs to the end of one
of these ramps, opens the cage,
and lets the purple bird out of
the cage.
And that's OK.
In well, I mean there's several
layers to this, your Steamboat
machine, and there looks like
there's a bunch of guards and
all the different levels of
this. OK.
OK, so two of the guards grab
wonder if that's a little girl
or a little boy. Two of the
guards grabbed the the child and
the bird cages open and one of
the guards is pointing out to
the air and the red crayon
appears to be falling down. Ohh.
Then two of the guards put the
little girl little boy into the.
Looks like some type of boat
cage and they look like they're
lower hurrying down or some kind
of pulley.
Ah, OK so.
The little girls in the.
Cage in the Purple Bird was
flying towards her and he
apparently retrieved the red
crayon on and he's bringing it
back to her.
The Little girls jumping up and
down.
So the next the girl is drawing
a line, she's drawing a picture
and the birds on her shoulder,
and then she's drawing a
rectangle and the bird is flying
around her.
Ohh she.
Had drawn a.
Rug flying carpet, magic carpet
type of thing and she's on it
and flying through this fortress
type city with the bird
following or following her in
front of her, flying in front of
her.
OK, so she flies out on the
magic carpet out into the night
sky, and the bird is still in
front of her.
So it has three like 3.
Tails coming out, so I'm not
sure if that's a dragon or if
that's a bird, but yeah, and
then there's like a palm tree
nearby in mountains.
OK, so little girl lands for
magic carpet next to the palm
tree.
Then the purple bird standing by
the palm tree, and there's a
purple door at the base of the
palm tree.
Little girl opens the door and
the bird flies in and she's
still holding the red crayon,
and then the little girl crawls
into the hole in the into the
purple door.
Ohh, so she crawls out.
Of what looks like the same
purple door, but it's the
mailbox next to her Street in.
The Purple Dragon flies out of
in front of her and there's a
little boy running with a purple
crayon and they look happy. And
there's a it's on this looks
like the same street where she
lived before. Green light in the
crosswalk, so.
The little girl and little boy
hold hands or shake hands and.
The purple bird.
Um, he's holding the purple bird
in his other hand, and the
little girl draws a circle and
the purple bird is on the little
boy's shoulder. And then
The boy draws a purple circle so
that now they have a red circle
and a purple circle, and the
purple bird is flying above the
little boy.
#END_journey Ohh so they drew a
bicycle in like a tandem bicycle
in the little girl in front and
little boy gets in the back of
the bicycle and they start
bicycling and the purple bird is
flying behind them. {OK, so that
was the story. I thought it was
a cute story.}
{I liked it. I like the some of
the pictures were really pretty,
yeah.
Alright, so this next one has
around 6 pages.}
#START_arrival-6 Ohh OK, the
first photo there is a.
Pot or vase.
Looks like it might be near.
Oh, it's a mirror, mirror,
mirror. And then something
comes.
It looks like a flying like a
bird, but it really doesn't look
quite like a bird. And he has
something in his beak and he
lands on the vase or pot.
And then
Um.
There's looks like a man.
Holding a letter.
And he's walking down some
steps.
The more creature with him looks
like a mouse with.
I don't know, big Mouse with a
big face.
And he stops, and he talks to a
woman.
Who's holding a basket and he
shows her the letter.
And whatever this mouse like
lizard type creature is, a
lizard tail is standing beside
him and then they go.
To a box it actually looks like
an old fashioned type stove, but
I guess it's a mailbox. Hmm and
the man and the creature are
looking at it.
Ohh.
In the next picture he they're
showing him writing. {So I guess
that's that's not correct. Yeah,
it's, it goes from the yeah, the
different page. } OK so after
this creature puts something in
the vase, the me and is writing
a letter, you can see them in
the mirror writing a letter and
there's an old fashioned lamp on
the desk and he was writing a
letter with ink.
And then he folds the letter.
Looks like there's money on the
desk. He folds the letter into a
bird or origami Bird puts it in
the envelope. Then he puts the
money in the envelope and he
licks the envelope and seals and
he puts a stamp on it. Then he
takes the envelope down the
steps.
Um, with this mouse lizard type
creature.
Asks, I guess he's showing the
letter to a woman with a basket
and she points to what looks
like a, I guess a mailbox. He
reads something on the mailbox,
the instructions or the times
that he opens the mailbox and
puts the letter in and then he
looks up.
And oh, the mailbox has a some
kind of balloon on it, a Claudio
balloon. And the the mailbox I
guess floats away up into the
sky and the man and the mouse
lizard walked away and they're
in a like a forest.
With leaves, the trees are
leaves. Single leaves OK.
OK, so then there's a single
leaf, and then it starts
raining.
and the leaf kinds of splits and
starts splitting in half at the
top and then split gets bigger
and bigger and then something.
In the middle starts growing out
of it and that grows bigger and
bigger and it starts getting a a
circle flower type thing on it
and the leaf.
Fall off onto the ground and
then this flower circle type
thing keeps growing bigger and
bigger and as time goes by the
leaf is deteriorating on the
ground.
Ohh.
Look like so.
Then the the flower with the
design on it gets bright, it
looks like it's glowing bright
and then it.
The petals seem to be falling
off and.
All the petals fall off.
And then it kind of the flower
kind of changes like it's drying
up, but it then it looks like it
gets some type of seeds on it,
then the seeds get big bigger
and the seeds fall off onto the
ground and then the flowers
just.
Left with nothing on it at all,
and it looks like time is going
by and then the flower starts
deteriorating and falling off
what's left of the flower onto
the ground and then it looks
like it starts snowing.
And there's there's more and
more snow and the at the end,
the snow is almost covering the
flower at the top of the stem.
Uh.
What is that?
It's a black and white photo.
Looks very like.
Futuristic type
Building.
With.
Stuff on top of it. It's just
different shapes, cones and
circles and.
Umm.
Like chimneys.
Um.
In the next picture, it looks
like there's things flying
around. There's that.
Like a steam ship again and some
kind of bugs and.
Bird like creatures and then.
There is another photo in black
and white and it looks like
knuckles and cones again. I mean
it looks like almost teepees and
almost like
Native American pot wear and
dishes, yeah, yeah.
Ohh what are they? Do they go in
OK so.
The pot
We are the bird like creature
puts something looks like they
it has baby birds inside of the
pot now and it looks like the
bird like creature is bringing
food to the babies birds to feed
them.
And the man ohh the the pot is
like on his window seal and the
man sitting on a bed looking at
the photo of the man woman in
little girl and the.
The mouse lizard type creature
sitting on the bed behind them
and he has his shoes on the
floor next to the bed and the
desk where he wrote.
in the desk and he has clothes
hanging up on a line.
And there's a lot of letters and
on hanging on the wall.
The Lizard mouse type creature
is on the bed and it looks like
he wakes up and he jumps off the
bed.
And the man that's holding the
picture looks over to see what
the mouse wizard is doing. The
mouse lizard goes down a a
ladder and a hole.
Are square like a square hole.
So the man climbs down the
ladder and.
On the floor next to the mouse
lizard type thing is a letter
and the man picks the letter up.
And he opens the letter and he
takes out the origami bird, and
he reads the letter and he looks
happy, smiling. And then he
looks up, looks like he's
looking out the window, up into
the sky.
So there's another origami
looking creature, sort of like a
scorpion.
Type creature.
Um.
And there's a.
Try all of the cone shaped.
Something, it almost looks like
a heat, a heater or something.
And there's some Native American
looking pots or something inside
of it. And then there is the.
Hooks on the wall with the hat
and the scarf again, and a bowl
with a strange looking spoon
fork type thing. And there is.
Strange looking
Uh looks like tails, like animal
tails inside the bowl and almost
like a cactus type plant. And
there is some photos, hand drawn
photos again with the machine,
the Steamboat type machines up
in the ear and some type of sun
or stores something that looks
like it would be in the sky and
then there is.
Some more of these strange.
They almost look like metal
objects.
Like some kind of futuristic
coffee pots, teapots or pops or
toys or something. And then
there's a.
It's kind of looks like a
newspaper with very strange.
Writing.
On it with a.
coffee or tea cup on top with
steam coming out on a on a
saucer. And then the photo of
the man, woman and little girl
again, and a photo of two hands,
like an adult hand giving a
child's hand a coin in in the
background is that that's the
cup with the hot liquid in it,
OK? And the next photo it's a
man, woman, man, woman and
child.
are sitting at a table.
And they have looked cups and
bowls of food and the man is
holding up three fingers and
giving this child the coin in
the mouse lizard type creatures
down below on the floor below
the table. And he's looking up
at the little girl.
all the things that were in the
picture.
Before we're all in the picture,
they were yummy. The photos, the
the hat and scarves and the
weird looking stove. So OK, the
next picture is the little girl
putting on her.
Rain boots again or galoshes
and.
The mouse lizard type creature
has her winter hat in his mouth
and she reaches down and gets
and picks and gets hat, puts the
hat on and then she.
#END_arrival-6 Goes down the
steps with the mouse lizard type
creature and they are walking
in, jumping over a puddle and
she's pointing down to the
ground at something. To the
mouse lizard type creature,
they're little circles lights
and then she's holding one of
the lights up in her hand and
it's like floating above her
hand.
{OK, so that was this part.
OK.}
{How are you doing? Are you OK?
Yeah. OK. OK. So because the
next one is really long, I
think, boy. OK. Yeah, this one
is long, so you don't have to
spend too much time on
individual pages. And this will
be the last one we do. OK.}
#START_wanderer There is two
people. It looks like a.
man with some type of mask on
and another man with a.
costume on with horns on his
head, and they are folding
something, it looks like a big
piece of paper. And then they
continue to fold it and over
half and then triangles, and
then they're folding it up.
They're doing it together and
they make a.
Type of hat or bow tie out of
it. They're holding it up and
they're lifting it up and it
looks like they're carrying it.
And then?
Oh, there's a picture of a.
Weird looking boat
With the submarine type of ball
on the bottom under the water
and almost a castle type thing
with flags on it above the water
in the boat and then the little.
Boat the boat that the the two
men made is like.
Very tiny next to the boat and
it's floating in the water.
OK, here's a picture of it looks
like they are the boats still
floating in the water. You can
see the waves and there's
several type of.
Birds or geese or seagulls
flying overhead.
OK, so there's three turtles in
the water and they're looking at
this paper boat that the men
made and one of the birds is has
landed on the boat.
And then it looks ohh like a
possibly a wheel.
Coming up out of the water and
looking at the boat.
Ohh so then there's the showing
under the water. There's the
wheel and his flippers like
holding the boat up in the ear.
And there's a swordfish and
coral reef and a bunch of
different type of fish schools
of fish.
So it's still underwater and you
can see the the paper boat
floating right above the water
and there's tons of fish and
coral reefs all underneath the
water.
OK so there is a boat still
floating over the coral reef.
There's different looks like
some kind of octopus or squids
or something like that. Like one
is this attached itself to the
boat underneath from underneath
on the water there's.
Kind of two fish type people
kissing under the water.
And ohh the paper boat now has a
fishing rod on it and it looks
like it caught a fish.
OK, so the boat still floating
along and it looks like some of
the fish are looking at it and
one of the like a sea horse type
fish has a little paper hat on
octangular paper hat and he's
standing on top of another fish
and looking at the paper boat
floating in the water.
So then he gets on the boat.
Um, and there's something
attaching itself to the boat
What are those like a Stingray
OK, so the boat still floating
over, along with the checkered,
checkered seahorse with the
little paper hat on his head.
He's floating along and they're
coming towards.
It's hard to tell what it is
like some kind of.
Trees and it looks like.
Flamingos or something inside
the trees.
OK, there's the boat, and it's
floating along and it's some
kind of.
Plants coming out of the water
with the roots attached down
below and there's still lots of
fish, different schools of fish,
all underneath the water.
Yeah, whatever those are some
kind of Swans or something. It
looks like they're in the trees
up above.
OK, so the boat is still
floating along with the
seahorse. Inside. It's a
checkered seahorse with the
little hat on his head, and it
looks like they're sailing into
dark.
green or marsh or or something.
It looks like it's getting dark
and there's a lot of animals
looking down in birds looking
down at them from the trees.
In his hands, little arms with
hands reaching out.
Oh, it looks like they're
alligators or something. OK,
crocodiles. Alligators, OK.
OK, so the boat is still
floating along. It looks like
they're floating out of this
dark marshy area into open water
again. And the seahorse is on
the boat and he's looking down
into the water, and then he
either jumps or he falls out of
the boat and there's a bunch of
other seahorses next to him
looking up at him and his hat
falls off.
And there's a bunch of more.
Fish and lobsters and crabs and
different things in the in in
the water, under the ground
eels.
OK, so the boat keeps floating
along and now there's nothing
inside the boat and the wheel is
under the water with just the
top of his head sticking out and
he's smoking a pipe.
And there's some schools of fish
below and there's some birds
landing on the wheels head and
then the the wheel.
Yes. I don't know if that's ohh.
I guess that's some kind of
other type of creature like a
crab or lobster. He has two
claws like arms, hands and then
a bunch of claws legs and he's
standing on top of a bunch of
looks like.
Sunken ships and he only has the
top of his head sticking out and
he has a light.
He's holding a light on top of
his head and the boats floating
up to it, and the rest of him,
his teeth and his eyes and his
glowing eyes are all underneath
the water.
OK, what is happening now?
It looks like they're still in
the water, and there's all
different kinds of creatures in
the water.
I don't even know if that's
water. There's the boat, still
floating, and it looks like a
cap is jumping now into the
boat.
There's alligators and zebra
looking and leopards and dogs
and.
Elephants and flying creatures
and.
Um, some kind of lizards and.
Looks like almost a moon type
creature, but it has fins like
a.
Fish, Bats and butterflies.
Butterfly birds. So the the
paper boats still floating on
the water. Now it's night time
and everything's dark and
there's a billion stars in the
sky and you can see a planet far
off. And there's like a sliver
of a moon up in the sky and
underneath the water you can see
the eyes of all the schools of
fish under under the water.
OK, so then the boat suddenly
gets surrounded by.
Massive school of fish with
glowing eyes and it's still dark
outside.
OK, so then the boat keeps
floating and the fish I guess go
back into the water and kind of
float away and then up in the
sky. Well, there's all the stars
still, but it's almost like a.
Northern light type of thing up
in the sky, but it's all the
pictures, all black and white,
so you can't really see any
colors.
Ohh, so now all the boats still
floating along and it looks like
he's passing a giant iceberg.
So he's floating along and he
goes inside either a cave or
ice, and he's floating through a
maze of different channels
inside the ice. And from the
outside you can see sort of
mountain tops with snow on them.
Oh, this is floating along. And
now these icebergs look like
they might be some kind of.
Feet.
With almost toes on them and
there as he's floating along and
still in the ocean, there are
some kind of light coming up
from under the water, shining on
the boat again and then.
Um.
Uh, a scuba diver comes out and
he has a whole scuba outfit on
in the the A mask, but he has
fins on the mask.
Looks like he comes up and he
picks up the boat.
Out of the water and there's
light to still shining. There's
a bunch of weird lights with
tubes coming out of them and
shining the light on the boat.
OK, so the boat is on, floating
along in the water again and the
light with the tube is still
sticking out of the water and a
big.
Steamship starts coming past and
there's an angler and some more
bird seagull type of birds and
it's floating in the water.
So the boat is still floating in
the water, and now it's.
Dark again, and the birds seemed
to be getting sick, and it's all
it's smoke and steam from some
kind of looks like a factory
coming out of the water.
The birds look like they're
falling into the water I got
sick or dying from.
OK.
So it looks like.
This factory and there's windows
all up along the.
Tower of the factory or
smokestack, and there's people
with masks on in.
Outfits, and they're shooting
down below and it looks like
they're shooting. They shoot a
hole in the boat, the little
paper boat, and they're shooting
at somebody who's riding a
rocket in the water. And there
they have some kind of claw,
like anchor coming down. And
then the person that's on this
rocket stands on the tip of the
rocket and the boat, the little
paper boat.
Just below him with a whole now
where they shot the boat and I
like preserver inside the boat.
Um, so the person, the scuba,
scuba diver type person that was
on the rocket I guess is now in
the water and he has a he's
holding on to the paper boat
with a rope.
East on the water and.
Oh, there's a smaller boat.
Coming next to them with a kite.
And there's strange creatures.
There's the creature who made
the boat with the horn on his
head and in the costume. And
some other strange looking
creatures, animals. Horse.
Some kind of reindeer, but
they're all checkered and
spotted and stars on them. And
it looks like there's two
people, like look like little
alien people, and there's a cat
inside this boat, OK.
So a giant wave comes in the
paper boat is now.
Stuck in the middle of this
giant wave in the curl of the
wave.
In these.
Creatures that are coming after
them in the big are the bigger,
but now looks like a seashell.
The kite and the kite has ripped
and they have another like paper
airplane that the guy in the
costume with the horn on his
head is holding in the cats,
walking on the wire towards the
height.
And now the paper boat is still
sailing, and it's like.
I guess there's some type of
storm coming, and there's
lightning coming out of the
clouds and down into the water
into the ocean. And the paper
airplane that the guy in the
costume with the horn on his
head was holding before is now
sailing through the sky.
Ohh so the sailboat start
sailing into these curls that
look like some kind of eel or
sea creature. Some of its inside
the water and some of it's
outside of the water and as the
sailboats sailing into this the
eel type creatures.
Seems to be catching the paper
airplane into his mouth. Hmm.
So this eel seal type creature.
Looks like he's his head in his
head he has teeth and his eyes
are glowing and the the paper
boat with the hole from being
shot is still sailing through
all these.
eel type things and then you
could start seeing their faces
and heads, and they all have
glowing eyes, and one of them
has a giant horn on his head.
And the pen the paper boat keeps
sailing along in these creatures
or
Blowing water out of their nose
nostrils I guess. And it looks
like almost like a waterfall and
the paper boats sailing through
it and it's getting flooded by
all this water coming out of
this eels nostrils. And then
there's another fish type
creature with a bathing suit on
standing on land and there's all
kinds of trash on the land,
bottles and cans.
Pieces of paper.
OK, so the next picture looks
like the boat is sinking under
the water.
And there was all kinds of
jellyfish in the water and.
I don't know. It's just a bunch
of jellyfish all over the place.
So the boat looks like it's
sinking down into the water and
it's getting like I guess he's
getting really deep into the
water. It's getting darker and
darker and there's schools of
fish and octopus and.
Jellyfish and it's it's he's the
paper boat just keeps sinking
into the darkness. Dark water.
OK, so I think the boat must
have landed on the bottom of
this ocean.
You can see the sun shining
through down to the bottom and
some kind of creatures. Three
creatures are crawling up into
the paper boat.
And there's a sunken looks like
a submarine might be a blimp.
Down into the water and there is
different fish looking at it in
some kind of giant eel and the
boat is stuck on the tip of the
submarine.
And now the submarines got
coming up out of the water again
in the paper boat, still on the
tip of the the submarine and the
water.
Spilling out back of from the
paper boat is spilling back into
the ocean.
And.
What the heck is some kind of
boat with people on it and it's
being attacked
By uh some type of octopus squid
type creature.
Almost looks like a a whale
also. Oh, I guess I don't know
what that is, yeah. Anyways,
it's attacking the boat and the
boat looks like the the back end
of it is sinking into the water
and the paper boat is up above
the water again floating above
above.
OK so then.
I guess a group of seals come
along and they are playing with
the boat. The one one of the
seals is balancing the paper
boat on his.
Mouth.
Super small. And then under the
waters a bunch of reefs and fish
again and seals.
and there's clouds in the sky.
OK, so the paper boats floating
along again and there's.
All kinds of.
Be fishing creatures in the
water. Fish, jellyfish. Um.
Below the water is the scuba
diver again. He's holding some
kind of ball that looks like
it's lit up and there's bubbles
coming up.
The surface from the scuba
divers helmet.
So the boat is still floating
along and see the scuba divers
riding some kind of sea squid
creature up above the water and
there's a like a a buoy and a
lighthouse and there's animals,
some kind of fish type creatures
and fish on the on the buoy and
the this paper boats still
floating the wrong wrong.
Ask the lighthouse or somebody
next to the lighthouse looking
out into the water and there's
several ships floating by.
OK, so.
The ships are floating by and
the paper boats floating by and
he goes across a.
Sort of a a boardwalk. Part of
it's under the water, part of
it's above the water, and it's a
long boardwalk with some kind of
circular gondola type.
Like a viewing station. At the
end of it there's a bunch of
steamboats and sailboats.
And there's fish under under the
water.
So what is this?
The boats still the the paper
boats still sailing along.
There's giant ships in the
water, smaller ships sailboats,
submarines, and like a ceiling
that looks like they're getting
close to a some type of city.
OK, so the boat is still sailing
along. There's a wheel.
Ohh with something attached to
them with water coming down on
his head.
There's people in row boats now.
There's Bowie buoy, whatever
they're called, they're
sailboats. There's regular
boats, there's people.
Looking out into the water.
At the different ships and the
sailboats still sailing along.
So the sailboat still sailing
along. It looks like he's
sailing into a harbor.
More people, more boats,
different activities going on.
Like a dock
cranes
Different things. There's little
boy and a some kind of weird
observation circle.
Thing. And yeah, it looks like a
dog with workers on it, with
cranes, with doors and.
Containers. Hmm.
OK.
So the little paper boats still
sailing along with the whole
when it's sail and looks like
the fishing boat caught a some
kind of.
Fishy animal with the long horn
on the middle of his forehead
and a giant net, and they're
craning him up.
The fishing boat has some dogs
on it. It's for men. And then
the little sail boats still
sailing along into looks like
he's getting farther into the
the city and there's people on
the docks.
Then seagulls. OK, so now it
looks like the little paper boat
sailing into some kind of little
canal.
Going through the city, there's
some small steamboats sailing.
On this canal there's flying
creatures, there's buildings and
windows and lights in the
windows and like overpasses,
underpasses, he's sailing
through.
That's about it, some people.
OK, so the little paper boats
still sealing along and.
Sailing through this town.
There's lots of steps in this
town leading from this canal up
and up into the city. And
there's, there's the guy with
the costume and the horn on his
head again, he's riding a horse.
Black and white cats here and
the reindeer and the scuba diver
and a joker and characters
dressed up and kite and.
Some sea creatures and somebody
smoking a cigarette or
something. It looks like a scuba
diver because it has the scuba.
Mask on the ground now, his
helmet, and he's sitting on the
steps helping out, and there is
more people and more overpasses.
That's just a little sailboat
sailing past under, I should
say.
So the little paper boat is
still sailing. It looks like
it's night time. There's some
fish with their eyes glowing,
there's stars out in the moon
and street lights are lit.
Some boats, but everything looks
quiet, like now it's in the
middle of the night.
so
the little paper boat keeps
sailing and there's a small
little house and.
Looks like the doors open and
the windows are lit. There's a
street light lit so it's still
dark and the little sailboat
keeps sailing. But now there
appears to be somebody, a person
inside the sailboat and this
person gets is faded at first
but then it he gets.
Um.
#END_wanderer He appears more
and more along the boat. He gets
up and he gets out of the boat.
He turns into a full-sized
person and he walks up the steps
and he's in like a black outfit
or costume. There's somebody at
the top of the steps in white it
might be, and he looks like he
goes up to that person.
{All right.
That was the story. That's the
whole story, yes.
OK.
That's good. Wait, how do I stop
here?
Sure I can do this.
Initial, OK.
Cool. Now stop recording.}